DOCS-2179: Generic gateways (#1193)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integrations/plugins/craftcommerce/faq/generic-gateways.md

---
title : "Generic gateways Craft Commerce"
meta_title: "Generic gateways - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "The MultiSafepay Documentation Center presents all relevant information about our Plugins and API. You can also find support pages for payment methods, tools and general questions as well as the contact details of our Support and Integration Teams."
layout: "faqdetail"
---

> The Craft Commerce plugins offers generic gateways and/or generic gift cards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The Craft Commerce plugin offers [generic gateways](/faq/general/generic-gateways/) and/or generic gift cards.
```

It is possible to set the gateway code and gateway label. All of our payment methods are supported.
 

> Refunds of generic gateway transactions are only possible through MultiSafepay control. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refunds of generic gateway transactions are only possible through [MultiSafepay Control](https://merchant.multisafepay.com/). 
```
